Liar’s Dice Rules
The user can sets up the game by entering the number of players. Any number below two shall ask the user to add more players. 
Once gameplay has started based on the game rules, there are a few main pieces to address. Rolling the die should be performed by 
randomly generating the side of the die displayed for all of the dice (five per player) using a random number generator. This rolling 
only happens once at the beginning of the game. On each player’s turn, the player should be able to view his/her dice only and enter 
their guess into the system. Continue playing until a player decides to call liar. Then show the full set of dice and determine if 
the last entered guess was correct. Display a message to the game winner (the player who made the guess if it was correct, the player 
that called liar if the guess was not correct).
Liar’s Dice is a multiplayer dice game with a minimum of two players and no upper limit on the number of participants. The goal is to 
make a correct guess or correctly call another player a liar.
o The first player calls out two numbers: first, how many dice on the table he or she thinks have been rolled as a number between one 
and six. For example, player one could say “two fives,” which means he or she thinks there are at least two dice that are fives among 
all the players’ dice (including his or her own).
o At this point, all players can accept what has been called out and move on to player two or call player one out, which will end the 
round and result in a winner or loser for the round.
o If player one calls out “two fives,” it does not matter whether player one has a five or not as bluffing is allowed in Liar’s Dice. 
It only matters if another player believes player one is bluffing and calls him or her out on it. In that instance, all dice must be 
revealed. If player one is correct, the player wins. If player one is wrong, then the player who called him/her out is the winner. The 
round is then over.
o If player one’s call is accepted, then player two calls out a number. The first number must be greater than what player one called. 
For example, if player one called out “two fives,” player two must call out three or higher for his or her first number, so “three fives,” 
“three fours,” or four twos” would all be acceptable. “One five” or “two sixes” would be unacceptable.
o Game play continues until someone is called out.